welcome back to the final night of the
main event it's all over and we have our
november nine the final table is going
to take a four-month break before coming
back to decide a world champion but
before we do we want to bring you up to
date on all of the day's action this is
the main event on poker listings brought
to you by party poker
the final table of this year's main
event is set than just nine players
remain in contention for the 8.7 million
dollar first-place prize this thing
started with over 6,800 players almost
two weeks ago but that number has been
hacked down to what you see in front of
you Martin stands co-leads a tough final
table all of whom will have almost four
months to sweat before returning to Las
Vegas in November to decide a champion
22 began the day and as you can see
plenty of talent fell just short of the
final table tournament grinder Brian
devonshire narrowly missed the november
nine same for national WSOP circuit
champion San Barnhart and former win
classic champion Chris Moore one final
table with 8.7 million dollars waiting
for first place nine players who are all
coming back here to Las Vegas in
November play down to a winner let's get
to know our november nine one of them is
going to be the 2011 world champion of
the poker martin stasko is our november
nine chip leader he's got 40 million
175,000 roughly twenty-five percent more
than the second biggest stack all the
way from the czech republic staska was a
relative newcomer to the live tournament
circuit his 35 years old and he's cashed
five times at the 2011 World Series of
Poker O&O day is headed to the final
table second and chips for 33 million
nine hundred and twenty-five thousand
Owens father donika is a legend in Irish
poker thanks to two main event final
table appearances and a WSOP bracelet
yeah you must need to take a 100 of time
it has a lot of good players left they
can change pretty quickly Matt giannetti
was the short stack for much of the ten
handed final table but he'll be going
into the november nine third and chips
with 24 million 750,000 giannetti is a
full-time poker pro originally from
austin texas he's cashed eight times at
the WSOP earning more than half a
million dollars in the process the man
with the famous name Bill Collins will
start this final table fourth and chips
with 23 million 875,000 better known as
his online alter ego USC Phil though
Collins has racked up more than three
three million dollars in online
tournament earnings oh yeah this is
definitely the most high pressure
tournament that you can be in I've been
in some very high pressure spots before
I've played in some 25k high rollers at
ridiculously hard tables and I play with
some of the best players in the world
before making the november nine marks
the end of an unbelievable summer for
ben lamb he's got 20 million 875,000 and
chips good for fifth place going into
this final table lamb is currently
leading the 2011 player via race thanks
to 1.3 million in earnings already this
summer to have this ghetto summer and
begin to play the Year race and it
really feels amazing I feel very blessed
I obviously realize that a lot of
participants are running goods been fun
and I really enjoyed it you know I hope
everyone gets a summer like this who
knows life-changing phase one of the
wild cards at this final table has to be
Bob Boone ara 49 years old originally
from Lebanon Punar and now lives in the
Central American country of Belize with
19 million seven hundred thousand and
chips Vanara is in sixth place going
into the finale pious Hines is the first
German to ever make the november nine
age 22 Hines is headed into the final
table seventh and chips with 16 million
425,000 an experienced online tournament
player Hines is looking to become the
first German world champion Anton makya
be is the youngest player at this final
table just 21 years old Mackay em ski is
repping Ukraine a mark in his favor
since Ukrainians have won an
unprecedented for gold bracelets already
this summer Mackay MC enters the final
table eighth and chips with 13 million
eight hundred and twenty-five thousand
22 years old and hailing from Canterbury
Sam Holden represents the UK's last hope
for a 2011 world championship title
Holden's been playing poker
professionally since graduating from
Kent University with a degree in
forensic science Holden will take 12
million 375,000 and chips to this final
table putting him at the bottom of the
leaderboard that's it for us at the
World Series of Poker in Las Vegas for
months separate us from a world champion
but in the meantime you can follow the
progress of the november nine on poker
listings
all